c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.exe.config
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.exe
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.pdb
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy_Server_Query.FormMain.resources
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy_Server_Query.Resources.resources
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.exe
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.pdb
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.exe.config
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.exe
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.xml
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.pdb
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.exe
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.pdb
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\bin\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.xml
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy_Server_Query.FormMain.resources
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy_Server_Query.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jan\Documents\GamespyMasterServer\GameSpy Server Query\GameSpy Server Query\obj\Debug\GameSpy Server Query.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
